# react-redux-boilerplate

A boilerplate for React + Redux JavaScript Application build up with Webpack 2, support ES6+ Syntax and live linting.

## Installation

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/AimeeShen/react-redux-boilerplate.git <my-project-name>
$ cd <my-project-name>
$ yarn  # Install project dependencies (or `npm install`)
```

## Running the project

```bash
$ yarn start  # Start the dev server (or `npm start`)
```

## Commands
|`yarn <script>`    |Description|
|-------------------|-----------|
|`start`            |Serves your app at `localhost:8000` with hot reloading|
|`watch`            |Watch mode only if no local development server is required, builds application to `./dist` |
|`deploy`           |Production build with assets optimization, builds the deployable application to `./dist` |
|`test`             |Runs unit tests with Jest and enzyme|

## Support
* React, JSX, ES6(ES7) syntax support.
* Redux handling universal state.
* Module bundler with Webpack 2.
* LESS/SASS CSS preprocessors support.
* React Router.
* Dev server that watches and lints using ESlint and based on eslint-config-airbnb convention.
* Script for production build that optimize assets.
* Component unit test using Jest and Enzyme.

## Redux Dev Tool
In development mode with `yarn start` or `yarn watch`, integrated with [Redux DevTools Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/redux-devtools/lmhkpmbekcpmknklioeibfkpmmfibljd) for easier debugging and monitoring. Please have it installed.
## Testing
Use Jest and Enzyme based on React official recommendations for component unit test. Create a `.test.js` file anywhere inside of `./src` and run `yarn test`. The convention of this boilerplate will be creating a `__test__` subfolder in where component you want to test.

## Linting
Integrate ESlint in the building process, therefore lints while developing. This can ensure code quality before committing. Using linting convention of [eslint-config-airbnb](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/tree/master/packages/eslint-config-airbnb), including ES6+ and React syntax support. However this convention is relatively strict, so the rules can be overwritten in `./eslintrc`.

## Deployment
Deployable bundles and assets generated by Webpack will be generated in `./dist` folder using command `yarn deploy`, which will be serving in public path `/static/`. This config can be modified in `ouput` section of `webpack.config.js`.

## Todos
* Server rendering.








